#scheme	Name
abaumannii	Acinetobacter baumannii#1
abaumannii_2	Acinetobacter baumannii#2
achromobacter	Achromobacter spp.
aeromonas	Aeromonas spp.
afumigatus	Aspergillus fumigatus
aphagocytophilum	Anaplasma phagocytophilum
arcobacter	Arcobacter spp.
bcc	Burkholderia cepacia complex
bcereus	Bacillus cereus
bhampsonii	Brachyspira hampsonii
bhyodysenteriae	Brachyspira hyodysenteriae
bintermedia	Brachyspira intermedia
blicheniformis	Bacillus licheniformis
bordetella	Bordetella spp.
borrelia	Borrelia spp.
bpilosicoli	Brachyspira pilosicoli
bpseudomallei	Burkholderia pseudomallei
brachyspira	Brachyspira spp.
bsubtilis	Bacillus subtilis
calbicans	Candida albicans
campylobacter	Campylobacter jejuni
cbotulinum	Clostridium botulinum
cconcisus	Campylobacter concisus/curvus
cdifficile	Clostridium difficile
cdiphtheriae	Corynebacterium diphtheriae
cfetus	Campylobacter fetus
cfreundii	Citrobacter freundii
cglabrata	Candida glabrata
chelveticus	Campylobacter helveticus
chlamydiales	Chlamydiales spp.
chyointestinalis	Campylobacter hyointestinalis
cinsulaenigrae	Campylobacter insulaenigrae
ckrusei	Candida krusei
clanienae	Campylobacter lanienae
clari	Campylobacter lari
cmaltaromaticum	Carnobacterium maltaromaticum
cneoformans	Cryptococcus neoformans
cronobacter	Cronobacter spp.
csepticum	Clostridium septicum
csinensis	Clonorchis sinensis
csputorum	Campylobacter sputorum
ctropicalis	Candida tropicalis
cupsaliensis	Campylobacter upsaliensis
ecloacae	Enterobacter cloacae
ecoli	Escherichia coli#1
ecoli_2	Escherichia coli#2
efaecalis	Enterococcus faecalis
efaecium	Enterococcus faecium
fpsychrophilum	Flavobacterium psychrophilum
hcinaedi	Helicobacter cinaedi
hinfluenzae	Haemophilus influenzae
hparasuis	Haemophilus parasuis
hpylori	Helicobacter pylori
hsuis	Helicobacter suis
kkingae	Kingella kingae
koxytoca	Klebsiella oxytoca
kpneumoniae	Klebsiella pneumoniae
kseptempunctata	Kudoa septempunctata
leptospira	Leptospira spp.
leptospira_2	Leptospira spp.#2
leptospira_3	Leptospira spp.#3
listeria	Listeria
llactis	Lactococcus lactis
lmonocytogenes	Listeria monocytogenes
lsalivarius	Lactobacillus salivarius
mabscessus	Mycobacterium abscessus
magalactiae	Mycoplasma agalactiae
mbovis	Mycoplasma bovis
mcatarrhalis	Moraxella catarrhalis
mhaemolytica	Mannheimia haemolytica
mhyorhinis	Mycoplasma hyorhinis
mmassiliense	Mycobacterium massiliense
mplutonius	Melissococcus plutonius
neisseria	Neisseria spp.
otsutsugamushi	Orientia tsutsugamushi
pacnes	Propionibacterium acnes
paeruginosa	Pseudomonas aeruginosa
pfluorescens	Pseudomonas fluorescens
pgingivalis	Porphyromonas gingivalis
plarvae	Paenibacillus larvae
pmultocida_multihost	Pasteurella multocida#2
pmultocida_rirdc	Pasteurella multocida#1
ppentosaceus	Pediococcus pentosaceus
ranatipestifer	Riemerella anatipestifer
sagalactiae	Streptococcus agalactiae
saureus	Staphylococcus aureus
scanis	Streptococcus canis
sdysgalactiae	Streptococcus dysgalactiae equisimilis
senterica	Salmonella enterica
sepidermidis	Staphylococcus epidermidis
sgallolyticus	Streptococcus gallolyticus
sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium spp.
slugdunensis	Staphylococcus lugdunensis
smaltophilia	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
soralis	Streptococcus oralis
spneumoniae	Streptococcus pneumoniae
spseudintermedius	Staphylococcus pseudintermedius
spyogenes	Streptococcus pyogenes
ssuis	Streptococcus suis
sthermophilus	Streptococcus thermophilus
sthermophilus_2	Streptococcus thermophilus#2
streptomyces	Streptomyces spp
suberis	Streptococcus uberis
szooepidemicus	Streptococcus zooepidemicus
taylorella	Taylorella spp.
tenacibaculum	Tenacibaculum spp.
vcholerae	Vibrio cholerae
vibrio	Vibrio spp.
vparahaemolyticus	Vibrio parahaemolyticus
vtapetis	Vibrio tapetis
vvulnificus	Vibrio vulnificus
wolbachia	Wolbachia
xfastidiosa	Xylella fastidiosa
yersinia	Yersinia spp.
ypseudotuberculosis	Yersinia pseudotuberculosis
yruckeri	Yersinia ruckeri
